>> Jen Kramer: So let's go back on
over to, Hobbies page has more room,
let's continue on the Hobbies page.
One of the things that you may
occasionally want to do is put in
a quotation from somebody.
Somebody said something smart, right, and
you wanna put a quote in on your webpage.
There are tags for this.
>> Jen Kramer: The blackquote
tag is one of them.
>> Jen Kramer: blockquote, that's our tag.
That's for
somebody who said something, okay.
The blockquote tag.
Inside of that,
we need the thing that people said, right?
Anyone who wanna take a guess at
what kind of tag it might be the,
be a good tag for that?
Hint, you already know it.
>> Jen Kramer: How about a paragraph tag,
yeah?
Some smart person said
a really smart thing.
Okay, so that's our quote.
Whatever it is that they said, all right?
And then we're gonna use the cite tag,
C-I-T-E, that is a citation.
In other words, that's the attribution,
who said that smart thing.
So this is a very common thing,
we quote people all the time.
You can take some CSS styling,
you can make this look absolutely
beautiful on webpages.
You actually see that trick
all the time in newspaper.
Have you heard of a thing called
the poll quote in newspapers?
Sometimes the newspapers will
take some thing from an article,
that they sort of pull out
a couple of sentences and
they make them really big and
scripty and kind of pretty looking?
This is the fundamental part of that,
the first part of getting
that kind of thing started.
So you gotta quote what
it was that they said.
All right, if you save that and
look at your webpage.
>> Jen Kramer: Mine's right
there under the picture.
>> Jen Kramer: Some smart person said
a really smart thing by smart person.
And two more little tags for you.
Now, these two tags are the most
abused tags in HTML,
the last two that I want to talk about.
I am talking to you here today.
I am here talking to you today.
You heard the difference
in those sentences, right?
Okay, so, what did I do differently?
I am here talking to you today.
Those are emphasized words, aren't they?
We have tags for
emphasizing those words in sentences or
strongly emphasizing those words.
I am strongly emphasizing this concept,
okay?
These two tags are called,
shockingly, the strong tag for
strong emphasis and
the tag for regular emphasis.
They are horribly abused because they
are thought of as the bold tag and
the italic tag, okay?
But they're not.
They're the strongly emphasized and
the emphasized, make sense?
Okay, so if we were to emphasize
the really smart thing
that somebody said,
we would put in a strong tag around it.
>> Jen Kramer: So some smart
person said a really smart thing.
>> Jen Kramer: These
are really smart thing.
We're gonna really emphasize that.
Okay, so that's what the strong tag is for
and then down here where I say.
I enjoy doing many things
with my spare time.
I'm just going to emphasize that so
that's just the <em> tag.
Yes,
>> Speaker 2: If you had a browser
extension that read this aloud,
>> Jen Kramer: Yes
>> Speaker 2: Actually read it like that.
>> Jen Kramer: I would hope so.
I don't actually know
the answer to that question.
There are some screen readers
that are out there and
available that will read webpages.
Hopefully that it would put
in that kind of emphasis, but
they're often computer voices and
I don't know how far computer voices
have come whether that's a thing yet.
But maybe one day.